Pull docs update (#3381)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/pull_hf_models.md

*Note*: There is no online model modification nor versioning capability as of now for graphs, LLM like models.

# Starting the LLM model from HF directly

In case you do not want to prepare model repository before starting the server in one command you can run OVMS with:

```
docker run -d --rm -v <model_repository_path>:/models openvino/model_server:latest --source_model <model_name_in_HF> --model_repository_path /models --model_name <ovms_servable_name> --task <task> --task_params <task_params>
```

It will download required model files, prepare configuration for OVMS and start serving the model.

# Starting the LLM model from local storage

In case you have predownloaded the model files from HF but you lack OVMS configuration files you can start OVMS with
```
docker run -d --rm -v <model_repository_path>:/models openvino/model_server:latest --source_model <model_name_in_HF> --model_repository_path <path_where_to_store_ovms_config_files> --model_name <external_model_name> --task <task> --task_params <task_params>
```
This command will create graph.pbtxt in the ```model_repository_path/source_model``` path.

> # Simplified mediapipe graphs and LLM models loading

Author: Where to put this?

> *Note:*

Reviewer: we were suppose to drop this file...

:::{tab-item} With Docker
**Required:** Docker Engine installed

```bash
docker run -d --rm -v <model_repository_path>:/models openvino/model_server:latest --pull --source_model <model_name_in_HF> --model_repository_path /models --model_name <external_model_name> --task <task> [TASK_SPECIFIC_PARAMETERS]
```
:::

:::{tab-item} On Baremetal Host
**Required:** OpenVINO Model Server package - see [deployment instructions](../deploying_server_baremetal.md) for details.

```bat
ovms.exe --pull --source_model <model_name_in_HF> --model_repository_path <model_repository_path> --model_name <external_model_name> --task <task> [TASK_SPECIFIC_PARAMETERS]
```
:::
::::

Example for pulling `OpenVINO/Phi-3-mini-FastDraft-50M-int8-ov`:

```bash
docker run -d --rm -v /models:/models openvino/model_server:latest --source_model "OpenVINO/Phi-3-mini-FastDraft-50M-int8-ov" --model_repository_path /models --model_name Phi-3-mini-FastDraft-50M-int8-ov --task text_generation 
```

It will prepare all needed configuration files to support LLMS with OVMS in the model repository. Check [parameters page](./parameters.md) for detailed descriptions of configuration options and parameter usage.

*Note:*

> When using ```--task``` you need both read and write access rights to models repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using ```--models_repositroy_path``` you need both read and write access rights to models repository.
```

Author: --models_repository can be used with list_models as well

# OVMS Pull mode {#ovms_docs_pull}

> This documents describes how leverage OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) pull feature to automate deployment configuration with Generative AI models from OpenVINO organization in HuggingFace (HF). This approach assumes that you are pulling from [OpenVINO organization](https://huggingface.co/OpenVINO) from HF. If the model is not from that organization, follow steps described in [this document](./export_model_script.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documents describes how leverage OpenVINO Model Server (OVMS) pull feature to automate deployment configuration with Generative AI models from OpenVINO organization in HuggingFace (HF). This approach assumes that you are pulling from [OpenVINO organization](https://huggingface.co/OpenVINO) from HF. If the model is not from that organization, follow steps described in [this document](../demos/common/export_models/README.md).
```
